hi I'm crazies one needs to give these
and I'm going to show you how to use
filo pastry see a pastry originates from
Greece and it is one of the pastries I
recommend buying because it's really
hard to achieve this type of paper
thinness when you're making it at home
so as you can see I'm keeping it covered
with a clean damp tea towel
let's just stop the pastry drying out
whilst you're working with it this
pastry can be used for a variety of
sweet or savory things and today I'm
going to show you how to make some
really nice free triangles with phyllo
so I'm just going to get one sheet of
pastry and whilst I'm working with it
I'm going to keep the rest covered so it
doesn't dry out and I'm going to
carefully brush this with melted butter
if you're trying to be healthier and you
don't want you butter you can use a
little bit of olive oil instead you just
want to easily coat the phyllo pastry
don't brush it too hard because it does
have a tendency to break that's all
nicely coated in the butter so I'm just
going to put another layer of phyllo on
top now I'm going to show you how to
make mini nice little phyllo parcels so
debris and cranberry sauce to do this
simply cut down the middle using a sharp
knife I'm just going to slice a couple
bits of Brie and then put a seam through
the my cranberry sauce in the corner of
one of my lengths of phyllo once you put
your filling in the middle brush the
edge with a bit of melted butter and
fold your first triangle over itself
pressing it down to secure then a bit
more melted butter fold again still down
those edges and carry on folding until
all the edges are filled then cut away
any excess pastry brush the hole of the
parcel in melted butter some extra
decoration I've just got a few black
sesame seeds here take these phyllo
triangles in a turn educate oven for 10
to 15
minute and they have a really simple and
easy way to steal a PhD from BBC good
food
[Music]